[PXCT-998] Cloud - Updated cloudlocation documentation (#2542)
arduino/docs-content: content/arduino-cloud/03.cloud-interface/02.variables/variables.md

| Property  | Type    | Read value        | Set value                   |
| --------- | ------- | ----------------- | --------------------------- |

> | Latitude  | `float` | `coordinates.lat` | `latitude = latitudeValue;` |
> | Longitude | `float` | `coordinates.lon` | `longitude = longitudeValue;` |

Reviewer: The information you propose to add under the "Set value" column is meaningless.

I don't think it makes sense to try to communicate how to set the value via the column. I suggest you instead direct the reader to the prose content you added after the table:

```suggestion
| Latitude  | `float` | `coordinates.lat` | See information below |
| Longitude | `float` | `coordinates.lon` | See information below |
```

> To set the coordinates for the CloudLocation, we pass the location variables to the CloudLocation variable `x = Location(latitude, longitude);`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of a `CloudLocation` variable is set using a `Location` object. The coordinate values are passed as arguments to the `Location` constructor: `x = Location(latitude, longitude);`.
```
